Assignment 3: This is the ReadME specifically for CS 4080 Assignment 3.

The name of the file is still AIAssistantProgram.java but it has been updated to the finish version so it is now the completed file and I made a folder inside the repository to separate it is under the Assignmet3 folder. Same as the previous time I worked on this in Visual Studio Code so the simple way to run it was open the file in VSC and use the built-in java plug in to run the program. 

As mentioned in the README.md file for Assignment2 the AIAssistant was basically completed during the initial prototype submission and so all of the features that were required including the AI assistant framework, Core OOP Structure including 2 subclasses, and the Dynamic Behavior and User Simulation were complete. Inheritance  was used in the subclasses for MusicAssistant and FitnessAssistant, both extend the AIAssistant base class. Polymorphism was utilized as handleRequest was given a base response however it was overridden based on the selected subclass. Dynamic Solution in the driver with array in order to ensure that both the multiple users and the multiple requests could be handled simultaneously and then print results.

The only thing that I really did not have time to fully implement in the prototype submission due to time was the validations which I took some time to implement and test for this final submission. This was a fairly simple inclusion since I had already planned to use try-catch blocks and be able to print out the error since this would allow me to test the validations one by one and continue running the program otherwise it would have quit the program after the first exception error. To make sure they work the main driver includes a try/catch block for each of the exceptions and when the program is run it will print out what type of error it was and what the correct input should be. So with everything in total when run the program will output a showcase of each invalid validation checks and then run the regular user requests.      
